Improv GUI Modularization Organization

I: Necessary Files & Functions
  -Polarplotsetup
    This file is designed to configure the polar plots (graphs with radar patterns) on the gui. It has 
    functions for the creation and customization of the three plots, named top, bottom, and target plots.
    Current design requires that the user call the necessary functions, named after the plot, which will lead to the
    creation of the plot on the gui and its radar implementation with no additional work for the user. The commands for 
    each plot are as follows:
    top plot: self.topplot()
    bottom plot: self.bottomplot()
    target plot: self.targetplot()
    
    Customizable within the file are the geometries of the frames and the plots.
    
  -Rawplotsetup.py
    This file creates and customizes the larger three plots on the bottom of the gui. It has three functions whose names
    directly correspond to the plots they create and link to the self object. The creation functions are as follows:
    Bottom Left Plot: self.makebottomleft(MainWindow)
    Bottom Center Plot: self.makebottomcenter(MainWindow)
    Bottom Right Plot: self.makebottomright()
    
    Customizable within the file are the geometries of the frames and the plots.
    
  -extrasetup.py
    This file is intended to create and customize the user-interactive sliders on the top right corner of the gui. 
    The class contains two functions: one for creating the basic upper slider and one for making the more complex, two-barred
    slider that is located below the first. The two sliders are aptly named slider and slider2.
    The creation functions are called as follows:
    self.slider1()
    self.slider2()
    
    Customizable within the file are the geometries of the sliders.
    
  -guisetup.py
    This file is design to create the basic layout upon which the other elements are placed. Its setupUI function creates 
    the main window used by other files and the GUI itself. It details the style sheet and contains the function setup_standard, which 
    creates and customizes the permanent aspects of the gui (those that are not intended to be removable). It also contains functions for retranslating 
    the names of attributes on the gui and for preparing the numeric aspects of the polar plots.
    
  -Testrun.py
    This file is intended to be a testbed for experimentation on the visual aspects of the gui. It contains no functional code
    for analysis, but can be used for initial testing of a customized gui. The main class, basic, creates the object to which other attributes are added. 
    Its parameter type can be used to create pre-determined gui layouts. Currently, type 1 is an all-inclusive gui, type 2 lacks 
    the two external rawplots, and type 3 contains no polar plots. These layouts may be customized at will. Within each type,
    the functions used to create various aspects of the gui are called. No functions within a type definition are mandatory. Below the main class is a block of code designed to 
    display the gui. This is where the gui "type" may be defined (type=1, 2, or 3). This file has no function besides being an experimental testbed, but can be used 
    for simple design experimentation.
